Personal Programming Project Report
Title:
Provide a descriptive title for your project.
1.	(5pts) Honor Code and LLM Usage for this Report.
I have neither given nor received unauthorized assistance on this assignment.
I have not used any LLM for this assignment.

2.	(15pts) Learning Objectives:
List the learning objectives from your proposal. In your own words explain whether you met those objectives and how (50-100 words each objective).  Also describe if you learned something different than expected or anything additional.
I wanted to focus on learning objectives like skill development specifically in python for data analysis and database management using SQL. I achieved that by using SQl and python in this project to interact with the database as well use python to mainly deal with the web framework. In the python files I execute SQL commands for the database interaction.

3.	(15pts) Timeline:
Outline how you spent time on your project. Break down the time into specific tasks or milestones. Here is an adjustable schedule to get you started. Actual Details should be 50-100 words each and should compare or reflect on differences from your proposal.

Time	Task	Expected Details from Proposal	Actual Details
Hour 1-2	Research and gather resources	Gain more information on SQL and data that’s going to be used	Did research on SQL and the web framework Django which was already implemented in the project. I learned more about  how it can talk to the SQLite database
Hour 3-4	Design the project structure and plan	Create database and add contents as some of the system was already built. Create a plan on how to use SQL to manipulate and data.	Downloaded Django and create a custom SQL schema which contains tables for the structure of the database.
Hour 5-6	Start coding the basic functionalities	Code process of adding, moving, status for data in the database.	Changed how the classes wok in models.py, build all the html templates for the website pages, and built functional buttons to manipulate data from the webpage.
Hour 7-8	Test and debug the initial version	Test the data is controlled correctly.	Created data to test on and made sure I could run the website on my computer with a virtual environment 
Hour 9-10	Refine and add advanced features	Add a renturn rental section and barcode scanner	Changed how some buttons worked and what pages it redirects you too. Created a return rental button and a barcode page that you can return or pull out instruments from
Additional			

4.	(55pts) Final Product Description:
Include your proposed MVP, Target, and Reach versions. 
i.	Minimum Viable Product (MVP): A simple pop up that allows for the user to create an instrument, customer, and a rental. It would allow user interaction then store the newly created
aspects
ii.	Target Product: A functional inventory system with all the above features. It would also include the use of a bar code scanner for data management efficiency
iii.	Reach Version: Integration with user security level access. For instance allow company owners to see a more developed personal GUI while employees see a more work focused side
iv.	(20pts) Description of final product including target audience, user story, problem statement, key features, technical details and technologies used. (100 – 150 words)
The final project turned out to be a usable interface that allows for the creation of instruments, customers, and rentals to a personalized database. It uses a cart-based system when creating a rental to allow multiple instruments to be added for a rental as well as returned with a click of a button or scanning the barcode to return each item individually. I used Django to handle the URL routing, templates, and HTTP request.
v.	(20pts) Provide a YouTube link to your video demonstration (1–2 minutes, narrated). Important Note: Do not upload your video file directly. Instead, upload your video to YouTube and include the video link clearly here in your report. The level of difficulty and detail of the project should be reasonable for 10 hours of work with LLM support. The project should not be something an LLM can solve without significant effort by the developer.
(Be sure to have someone else test that your link is working.)
vi.	(15pts) Any input files, coding files, and test files should be uploaded. Provide a list here of file names and purposes, or any links to live sites or artifacts. Remember code should also be commented.  A README file should be created and uploaded so that we have the option to follow your instructions to run your project.

Project Repository & Code Submission Details:
Project Repository (code.vt: Youhttps://code.vt.edu/ or (Git-hub only if you are part of virtual global collaboration)): r repository should be well-organized, documented, and easy to navigate. At a minimum, include the following structure:
●	code/ – All source code files for your project (organized by component or module if applicable).
●	data/ – Any input files, datasets, or configuration files used by your program.
●	tests/ – Test scripts or files demonstrating how your code was verified.
●	docs/ – Supporting materials such as screenshots, reports, or documentation.
●	report/ – This final report document.
●	README.md – A detailed file describing:
■	Project overview and purpose
■	Video link of your project
■	Installation and setup instructions
■	How to run the program and reproduce results
■	Technologies or libraries used
■	Author(s) and contribution summary

Required:
●	Maintain a logical directory structure, do not store all files at the root level.
●	Include comments in your code to explain logic and design decisions.
●	Keep your repository private until grades are released, then you may make it public.
Share access with the following personnel (Add them as collaborators): 

GTA Name	Section	Professor
Mona Moghadampanah	83484	P. Sullivan
Yue Shen	83485	O. Emebo
Abdullah Al Noman	83486	O. Emebo
Suraj Vishwanath	83487	P. Sullivan
Juno Bartsch	91578	S. Nizamani


5.	(10pts) Consultation and Use of LLMs:
Each student must create a unique project but is allowed to consult with other people and use Large Language Models (LLMs). Describe how you incorporated these resources into your project:
I used LLM’s to better understand how Django works and how to incorporate it better  into my project. It was useful in breaking down the exact properties and uses of Django in my project as well as how to use my own SQL instead of relying to heavily on Django. 
●	Consultation Description:
Describe how you ended up seeking advice or feedback from peers, mentors, or online communities.
I looked at online pages including the Django webpage that helped to get feedback on what the LLM recommended for Django implimentation.
●	Use of LLMs:
Explain how you ended up utilizing LLMs to assist with coding, debugging, learning technologies and concepts, or generating ideas.
I used the LLM to learn technologies like Django and generate ideas on how I can use Django but still use SQL I created to rely less on Django. It was also helpful to debug some problems I had when trying to get my bearings with Django.

